<!-- -*- Mode: Java; tab-width: 2; indent-tabs-mode: nil; c-basic-offset: 2 -*-
# ***** BEGIN LICENSE BLOCK *****
# Version: MPL 1.1/GPL 2.0/LGPL 2.1
#
# The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License Version
# 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
# the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
# http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/
#
# Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,
# WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License
# for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the
# License.
#
# The Original Code is Firefox Credits.
#
# The Initial Developer of the Original Code is Ben Goodger.
# Portions created by the Initial Developer are Copyright (C) 2004
# the Initial Developer. All Rights Reserved.
#
# Contributor(s):
#   Ben Goodger <ben@mozilla.org>
#   David Baron <dbaron@mozilla.org>
#   Daniel Glazman <daniel.glazman@disruptive-innovations.com>
#
# Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms of
# either the GNU General Public License Version 2 or later (the "GPL"), or
# the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 or later (the "LGPL"),
# in which case the provisions of the GPL or the LGPL are applicable instead
# of those above. If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only
# under the terms of either the GPL or the LGPL, and not to allow others to
# use your version of this file under the terms of the MPL, indicate your
# decision by deleting the provisions above and replace them with the notice
# and other provisions required by the GPL or the LGPL. If you do not delete
# the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file under
# the terms of any one of the MPL, the GPL or the LGPL.
#
# ***** END LICENSE BLOCK *****
-->

<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
                      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd"
  [
    <!ENTITY % brandDTD SYSTEM "chrome://branding/locale/brand.dtd">
    %brandDTD;
    <!ENTITY % creditsDTD SYSTEM "chrome://bluegriffon/locale/credits.dtd">
    %creditsDTD;
  ]
>


<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      forcecleartheme="true">
  <head>
    <title>&brandFullName; Credits</title>

    <style>
      :root {
      
        --bg-main-window-appearance: none;
        
        --bg-dark-scrollbar-appearance: none;
      
        --bg-dark-background: #363d3f;
        --bg-dark-gray: #474D4F;
        --bg-lighter-dark-gray: #383f41;
        --bg-dark-border:  #181818;
        --bg-lighter-border: #494f51;
      
        --bg-list-background: #363d3f;
      
        --bg-main-foreground-color: white;
      }
      
      :root[cleartheme="true"],
      root[forcecleartheme="true"]  {
        --bg-dark-background: #E0E0E0;
        --bg-dark-gray: #D0D0D0;
        --bg-lighter-dark-gray: #B0B0B0;
        --bg-dark-border:  #c0c0c0;
        --bg-lighter-border: #D0D0D0;
      
        --bg-list-background: white;
      
        --bg-main-foreground-color: black;
      }

      html {
        background-color: var(--bg-dark-background);
        color: var(--bg-main-foreground-color);
      }

      * {
        cursor: default;
        -moz-user-select: none;
      }

      #titleBox {
        position: fixed;
        left: 0px;
        top: 0px;
        right: 0px;
        bottom: auto;
        z-index: 999;
      }

      #footerBox {
        position: fixed;
        left: 0px;
        top: auto;
        right: 0px;
        bottom: 0px;
        z-index: 999;
      }

      #creditsBox {
        position: absolute;
        left: 0px;
        top: 0px;
        z-index: 1;
         margin-left: 10px;
        margin-right: 10px;
        font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
        font-size: small;
      }

      h3 {
        font-weight: bold;
        font-size: small;
        text-align: center;
        margin: 15px 0px 5px 0px;
      }

      .creditsGroup {
        margin-bottom: 4em;
        text-align: center;
        border: thin solid var(--bg-dark-border);
        border-radius: 11px;
      }

      .footnote {
        font-size: small;
        text-align: justify;
      }

      h2.title {
        margin-top: 100px;
        margin-bottom: 200px;
        text-align: center;
      }

      .motto {
        margin-top: 2px;
        font-style: italic;
        font-size: small;
        font-weight: normal;
        padding-left: 2em;
      }

      #gecko {
        margin-top:    100px;
        margin-bottom: 100px;
        font-size: medium;
      }

      a {
        text-decoration: underline;
        cursor: pointer;
      }

      :not(blockquote) > ul {
        margin-top: 0px;
        margin-left: 0px;
        padding-left: 0px;
      }

      li {
        list-style-type: none;
      }
      
      blockquote li {
        list-style-type: square ! important;
      }

      .center {
        text-align: center;
      }

      blockquote {
        border-left: thin solid silver;
        padding-left: 2px;
      }
    </style>
    <script>
      var callback = null;
      function onClick(event) {
        event.preventDefault();
        var url = event.originalTarget.getAttribute("href");
        callback(url);
      }
      function setCallback(c) { callback = c; }
      window.addEventListener("click", onClick, true);
    </script>
 </head>
  <body>

    <div id="creditsBox">

        <div class="creditsGroup">
          <h3>&credit.leads;</h3>
          <ul>
            <li>Daniel Glazman</li>
          </ul>

          <h3>&credit.contributors;</h3>
          <ul>
            <li>Laurent Jouanneau</li>
            <li>Jean-Yves Cronier</li>
            <li>Alex Bodnaru</li>
            <li>Frédéric Bezies</li>
            <li>Dave Yeo</li>
            <li>Philippe Goetz</li>
            <li>Charles Cooke</li>
            <li>Yu Tang</li>
            <li>Eventric.com</li>
          </ul>

          <h3>&credit.translation;</h3>
          <table border="1" style="border-collapse: collapse; margin:auto; margin-bottom: 1.5em">
            <tbody>
              <tr>
                <td>fr-FR (Français, France)</td>
                <td>Daniel Glazman<br/>
                    Goofy<br/>
                    Pascal Cuissinat</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>es-ES (Español, España)</td>
                <td>Antonio Paniaga</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>cs (Čeština)</td>
                <td>Michal Stanke</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>de-DE (Deutsch, Deutschland)</td>
                <td>André Frick<br/>
                    Simon Speich</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>he-IL<span dir="rtl">(עברית, ישראל)</span></td>
                <td>Alex Bodnaru</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>ja-JP(日本語, 日本)</td>
                <td>Koji Ishii<br/>
                    Yu Tang</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>sl (Slovenščina)</td>
                <td>Vito Smolej</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>it (Italiano)</td>
                <td>Andrea Sanavia</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>nl (Nederlands)</td>
                <td>Martijn Weisbeek<br/>
                    Alexander van Oosten</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>ko (한국어)</td>
                <td>Jungoo Lee</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>zh-CN (汉语, 中国)</td>
                <td>Dean Lee</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>zh-TW (中文, 中國)</td>
                <td>Jimmy John</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>pl (Polski)</td>
                <td>Stefan Plewako<br/>
                    Zbigniew Braniecki<br/>
                    Rafał Piotrowski</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>fi (Suomi)</td>
                <td>Aki Laaksovirta</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>sv-SE (Svenska, Sverige)</td>
                <td>Martin Karlsson</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>sr (српски)</td>
                <td>Snežana Lukić<br/>
                    Ivan Starčević</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>gl (Galego)</td>
                <td>Enrique Estévez</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td>ru (Русский)</td>
                <td>AVB</td>
              </tr>
            </tbody>
          </table>
        </div>

        <!---p id="gecko" class="center">&credit.poweredByGecko;</p-->

        <p class="footnote">
          &brandFullName; &tm.part0; <a href="http://disruptive-innovations.com">Disruptive Innovations SAS</a>.
        </p>
        <p class="footnote">
          BlueGriffon is copyright &copy;1998-2019 by its
          contributors,
          according to terms set out in the
          <a href="http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/MPL-1.1.html">Mozilla Public License</a>
          and
          <a href="http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/NPL-1.1.html">Netscape Public License</a> documents. All Rights Reserved.</p>

        <p class="footnote">
          Portions of this software are Copyright &copy;1994 The Regents of the
          University of California. All Rights Reserved.</p>

        <p class="footnote">
          Main toolbar's icons inside BlueGriffon borrowed from
          <a>http://free-icon-rainbow.com/</a>. Icons free even for commercial use and available in SVG..</p>

        <p class="footnote">
          Some icons inside BlueGriffon borrowed from <a href="http://www.iconarchive.com/show/glaze-icons-by-mart.html">The
          Glaze Icons iconset</a> and used under the terms of the <a
          href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Lesser_General_Public_License">GNU Lesser General Public License</a>.</p>

        <p class="footnote">
          The Bezier Curve editor in the CSS Properties panel is a contribution
          from Jean-Yves Cronier, used with permission.</p>

        <p class="footnote">
          Some icons are a work of
          <a href="http://www.fatcow.com/free-icons">FatCow Web Hosting</a> and used under the terms of the
          <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY 3.0</a> license.</p>

        <p class="footnote">
          <a href="https://github.com/einars/js-beautify">Beautify-html.js</a> is a code written by Nochum Sossonko, based on code initially developed by Einar Lielmanis.</p>
        <blockquote class="footnote">
          <p>Copyright (c) 2009 - 2011, Einar Lielmanis</p>
          
          <p>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
          obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
          files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
          restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
          copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
          copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
          Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
          conditions:</p>
          
          <p>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
          included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.</p>
          
          <p>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
          EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
          OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
          NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
          HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
          WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
          FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
          OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.</p>
        </blockquote>
          

        <p class="footnote">
          <a href="http://codemirror.net/">CodeMirror</a> is copyright (C) 2011 by Marijn Haverbeke</p>
        <blockquote class="footnote">
          <p>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
          of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
          in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
          to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
          copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
          furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:</p>
          
          <p>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
          all copies or substantial portions of the Software.</p>
          
          <p>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
          IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
          FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
          AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
          LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
          OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
          THE SOFTWARE.</p>
        </blockquote>

        <p class="footnote">
          <a href="https://github.com/webpop/ccc">Contextual CodeMirror Completions</a> is copyright (C) 2012 by Domestika LLC</p>
        <blockquote class="footnote">
          <p>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
          of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
          in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
          to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
          copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
          furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:</p>
          
          <p>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
          all copies or substantial portions of the Software.</p>
          
          <p>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
          IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
          FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
          AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
          LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
          OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
          THE SOFTWARE.</p>
        </blockquote>

        <p class="footnote">
          <a href="http://rasm.ods.org/boxcutter/">boxcutter</a> is
          copyright (c) 2008-2011 Matt Rasmussen and used under the terms of the Gnu Lesser General Public License (LGPL) 2.1.</p>

        <p class="footnote"><a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/fr/firefox/addon/684/">FireFTP</a> is copyright (c) 2004-2010 Mime Cuvalo.</p>
        <blockquote class="footnote">
          <p>Code from FireFTP is reused under the Mozilla Public License inside
          file fireFtp.jsm. We would like to thank Mime Cuvalo giving us his formal
          authorization to reuse his code in BlueGriffon.</p>
        </blockquote>

        <p class="footnote">The <a href="http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/grids/">Yahoo! UI Library</a> is copyright (c) 2008, Yahoo! Inc.</p>
        <blockquote class="footnote">
          <p>Copyright
          (c) 2008, Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved.</p>
          <p>Redistribution and use of this software in source and binary forms,
          with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
          conditions are met:</p>
          <ul>
            <li>Redistributions of source
          code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
          and the following disclaimer.</li>
            <li>Redistributions in binary
          form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
          and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other
          materials provided with the distribution.</li>
            <li>Neither the name of Yahoo!
          Inc. nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or
          promote products derived from this software without specific prior
          written permission of Yahoo! Inc.</li>
          </ul>
          <p>THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
          THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR
          IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
          WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
          DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
          LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
          CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
          SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
          BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
          WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
          OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
          ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.</p>
        </blockquote>

        <p class="footnote"><a href="http://jquery.com/">jQuery</a> is copyright (c) 2008 John Resig.</p>
        <blockquote class="footnote">
          <p>Copyright (c) 2008 John Resig, http://jquery.com/</p>
          <p>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
          a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
          "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
          without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
          distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
          permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
          the following conditions:</p>
          <p>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
          included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.</p>
          <p>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
          EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
          MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
          NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
          LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
          OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
          WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.</p>
        </blockquote>

        <p class="footnote"><a href="http://meyerweb.com/eric/tools/color-blend/">Eric Meyer's Color Blender</a> is copyright Eric Meyer.</p>
        <blockquote class="footnote">
          <p>BlueGriffon's color blender is adapted from Eric Meyer's Color Blender,
          used under the terms of the <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/1.0/">Creative
          Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 1.0</a> License and with Eric's
          <a href="https://twitter.com/meyerweb/status/580025480847355905">agreement</a>.</p>
        </blockquote> 

        <p class="footnote">Icons made by
          <a href="http://www.freepik.com" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a>
          are licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0">CC 3.0 BY</a></p>
 
        <p class="footnote">
          This software may contain portions that are Copyright &copy;1998-2005
          SupportSoft, Inc. All Rights Reserved.</p>

        <!--p class="footnote">
          Mozilla Firefox and the Firefox logo are trademarks of the Mozilla
          Foundation. You are not granted rights or licenses to the trademarks
          of the Mozilla Foundation or any party, including without limitation the
          Firefox name or logo.</p-->

        <p class="footnote">
          U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS. The Software is a &ldquo;commercial item,&rdquo;
          as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of
          &ldquo;commercial computer software&rdquo; and &ldquo;commercial computer software
          documentation,&rdquo; as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995).
          Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through
          227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S. Government End Users acquire the
          Software with only those rights set forth herein.</p>

    </div>

  </body>
</html>

